Remove references (#3356)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: Document/0x06j-Testing-Resiliency-Against-Reverse-Engineering.md

For example, preventing debugging is virtually impossible. If the app is publicly available, it can be run on an untrusted device that is under full control of the attacker. A very determined attacker will eventually manage to bypass all the app's anti-debugging controls by patching the app binary or by dynamically modifying the app's behavior at runtime with tools such as Frida.

> The techniques discussed below will allow you to detect various ways in which an attacker is attacking your application. Since these techniques are documented publicly, they are generally easy to bypass. Using an open-source detection tehcniques is a good first step in imrpoving the resiliency of your application, but they are typically easily bypassed by standard anti-detection tools. Commercial products do typically offer a higher resilience, as they will combine multiple techniques, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The techniques discussed below will allow you to detect various ways in which an attacker may target your app. Since these techniques are publicly documented, they are generally easy to bypass. Using open-source detection techniques is a good first step in improving the resiliency of your app, but standard anti-detection tools can easily bypass them. Commercial products typically offer higher resilience, as they will combine multiple techniques, such as:
```

- Using undocumented detection techniques
- Implementing the same techniques in various ways
- Triggering the detection logic in different scenarios
- Providing unique detection combinations per build
- Working together with a backend component for additional verification and HTTP payload encryption
- Communicating the detection status to the backend
- Advanced static obfuscation

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

With Apple Silicon (ARM) hardware widely available, traditional checks for the presence of x86 / x64 architecture might not suffice. One potential detection strategy is to identify features and limitations available for commonly used emulation solutions. For instance, Corellium doesn't support iCloud, cellular services, camera, NFC, Bluetooth, App Store access or GPU hardware emulation ([Metal](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/metal/gpu_devices_and_work_submission/getting_the_default_gpu "Apple Metal Framework")). Therefore, smartly combining checks involving any of these features could be an indicator for the presence of an emulated environment.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
